README.md, before:

walkngo
=======

A "walker" for Go AST

This is the "skeleton" for something that can parse a Go source file and print it in some other format or, in any case, a way to understand how Go AST works.

The walker package contains the AST walker/visitor, the printer package contains modules that can "print out" the tree as different (probably broken) languages.

The "GoPrinter" module generates a Go source that compile and should work just as good as the original. The "CPrinter" module tries to convert the Go source file to C (actually C++)

The main program accepts a -c boolean argument to select the output (c=true for C++, false for Go)

    walkngo -c walkngo.go

Usage:
======

    walkngo [--c] [--debug] [--outdir={output-folder}] file.go|folder

Where:
    --c : convert to C/C++ (or re-generate a "Go" file if --c==false or if the option is missing)
    --debug : print out AST nodes for debugging
    --outdir={output-folder} : creates output files in output-folder following original paths

If a folder is specified as input, the program will "walk" the directory structure and convert all files with extension ".go" (it skips folders with name starting with ".")

Note:
=====

When running with "go run" you should use:

    go run walkngo.go -- go-source-file.go
    
The '--' tell 'go run' to stop looking for go files, otherwise it gets utterly confused.

If you build it you can just run:

    walkngo go-source-file.go

Commit message:

Updated README with notes about --debug-printer and runtime.

README.md, after:

walkngo
=======

A "walker" for Go AST

This is the "skeleton" for something that can parse a Go source file and print it in some other format or, in any case, a way to understand how Go AST works.

The walker package contains the AST walker/visitor, the printer package contains modules that can "print out" the tree as different (probably broken) languages.

The "GoPrinter" module generates a Go source that compile and should work just as good as the original. The "CPrinter" module tries to convert the Go source file to C (actually C++)

The main program accepts a -c boolean argument to select the output (c=true for C++, false for Go)

    walkngo -c walkngo.go

Usage:
======

    walkngo [--c] [--debug] [--debug-printer] [--outdir={output-folder}] file.go|folder

Where:
    --c : convert to C/C++ (or re-generate a "Go" file if --c==false or if the option is missing)
    --debug : print out AST nodes for debugging
    --debug-printer : print out calls to Printer methods
    --outdir={output-folder} : creates output files in output-folder following original paths

If a folder is specified as input, the program will "walk" the directory structure and convert all files with extension ".go" (it skips folders with name starting with ".")

Notes:
======

When running with "go run" you should use:

    go run walkngo.go -- go-source-file.go
    
The '--' tell 'go run' to stop looking for go files, otherwise it gets utterly confused.

If you build it you can just run:

    walkngo go-source-file.go


Runtime:
========
The "runtime" folder contains the implementation of some Go runtime and common modules that the language translator
can call.

For C++ there is some support for goroutines (via C++11 threads) and channels (C++11 queue, mutex, condition variables) and some initial implementations of the fmt, time and sync modules.

Also, multiple initializations and multiple return values are implemented using C++11 tuples (make_tuple and tie).

Note that the current implementation is very basic, just to verify that things work more or less as expected.
